Improve blog post descriptions (#328)
unicorn-utterances/unicorn-utterances: content/blog/five-suggestions-for-simpler-tests/index.md

---
{
  title: "Write Simpler Tests - 5 Suggestions for Better Tests",

>   description: "Writing tests is an big skill for any engineer, but we often over-complicate our tests. Let's simplify them for better tests overall!",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "Writing tests is a big skill for any engineer, but we often over-complicate them. Let's simplify our tests for better testing overall!",
```

Fixes a typo and reduces re-use of the word "tests"
